README.md, before:

> ⚠️ This document (and asset) is still under construction.

# <img src="./addons/resource_based_signal_bus/icons/ResourceBasedSignalBus.svg" width="32" height="32"> Resource Based Signal Bus

[![Made with Godot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Godot-478CBF?style=flat&logo=godot%20engine&logoColor=white)](https://godotengine.org)
[![Mastodon Follow](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/109780053447231118?domain=mastodon.gamedev.place)](https://mastodon.gamedev.place/@camperotactico)
[![Kofi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kofi-F16061.svg?logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://ko-fi.com/camperotactico)

The objective of a _Signal Bus_ (usually known as "Event Bus" or "Event Channel") is to allow communication between objects without them being directly connected to each other. In _Godot_, a common approach of achieving this is by creating a [singleton](https://docs.godotengine.org/es/4.x/tutorials/scripting/singletons_autoload.html) that holds all the signals to be used by the nodes of the project. My intention is to offer an alternative approach inspired by the use of `ScriptableObject` as event channels in the _Unity3D_ engine. _(Learn about this [here](https://unity.com/how-to/scriptableobjects-event-channels-game-code) and [here](https://youtu.be/raQ3iHhE_Kk?si=c3nBhDf29gk7Mfma&t=1670))_

This asset allows for `SignalBus` resources to be created in the `res://` folder. These resources wrap a signal and can be assigned to any node straight from the inspector panel. Instead of connecting/emitting the signal in a singleton, the nodes connect/emit the signal inside the `SignalBus` resource they are given.

Some of the benefits of using them instead of regular signals.

- ✅ Use signals without coupling the emitter and receiver nodes.

## 🧰 Features

## 🐛 Limitations, known issues, bugs

## ⬇️ Installation

1. Download the asset from the `AssetLib` tab in the Godot Editor.
2. Enable the plugin `Project` -> `Project Settings` -> `Plugins` -> `Resource Based Signal Bus`

## 📖 Usage

Commit message:

Created a bunch of signal buses.

README.md, after:

> ⚠️ This document (and asset) is still under construction.

# <img src="./addons/resource_based_signal_bus/icons/ResourceBasedSignalBus.svg" width="32" height="32"> Resource Based Signal Bus

[![Made with Godot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Godot-478CBF?style=flat&logo=godot%20engine&logoColor=white)](https://godotengine.org)
[![Mastodon Follow](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/109780053447231118?domain=mastodon.gamedev.place)](https://mastodon.gamedev.place/@camperotactico)
[![Kofi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kofi-F16061.svg?logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://ko-fi.com/camperotactico)

The objective of a _Signal Bus_ (usually known as "Event Bus" or "Event Channel") is to allow communication between objects without them being directly connected to each other. In _Godot_, a common approach of achieving this is by creating a [singleton](https://docs.godotengine.org/es/4.x/tutorials/scripting/singletons_autoload.html) that holds all the signals to be used by the nodes of the project. My intention is to offer an alternative approach inspired by the use of `ScriptableObject` as event channels in the _Unity3D_ engine. _(Learn about this [here](https://unity.com/how-to/scriptableobjects-event-channels-game-code) and [here](https://youtu.be/raQ3iHhE_Kk?si=c3nBhDf29gk7Mfma&t=1670))_

This asset allows for `SignalBus` resources to be created in the `res://` folder. These resources wrap a signal and can be assigned to any node straight from the inspector panel. Instead of connecting/emitting the signal in a singleton, the nodes connect/emit the signal inside the `SignalBus` resource they are given.

Some of the benefits of using them instead of regular signals.

- ✅ Use signals without coupling the emitter and receiver nodes.

## 🧰 Features
- Includes a script [Template](./script_templates/SignalBus/custom_signal_bus_template.gd) to ease the process of creating custom signal buses.
- Comes with a new node named `SignalBusListener`, a tool that connects a `SignalBus` resource to a method of a `Node` in the scene. This allows designers and artists to create responses to signals from the inspector.


## 🐛 Limitations, known issues, bugs

## ⬇️ Installation

1. Download the asset from the `AssetLib` tab in the Godot Editor.
2. Enable the plugin `Project` -> `Project Settings` -> `Plugins` -> `Resource Based Signal Bus`

## 📖 Usage
